Clarify Proxmox LXC instructions; reference #5773 instead of #1111 (#10759)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/frigate/installation.md

### Operating System

> Frigate runs best with Docker installed on bare metal Debian-based distributions. For ideal performance, Frigate needs low overhead access to underlying hardware for the Coral and GPU devices. Running Frigate in a VM on top of Proxmox, ESXi, Virtualbox, etc. is not recommended though [many people have had success with Proxmox](#proxmox).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frigate runs best with Docker installed on bare metal Debian-based distributions. For ideal performance, Frigate needs low overhead access to underlying hardware for the Coral and GPU devices. Running Frigate in a VM on top of Proxmox, ESXi, Virtualbox, etc. is not recommended though [some users have had success with Proxmox](#proxmox).
```

It is recommended to run Frigate in LXC, rather than in a VM, for maximum performance. The setup can be complex so be prepared to read the Proxmox and LXC documentation. Suggestions include:

- For Intel-based hardware acceleration, to allow access to the `/dev/dri/renderD128` device with major number 226 and minor number 128, add the following lines to the `/etc/pve/lxc/<id>.conf` LXC configuration:
  - `lxc.cgroup2.devices.allow: c 226:128 rwm`
  - `lxc.mount.entry: /dev/dri/renderD128 dev/dri/renderD128 none bind,optional,create=file`
- The LXC configuration will likely also need `features: fuse=1,nesting=1`. This allows running a Docker container in an LXC container (`nesting`) and prevents duplicated files and wasted storage (`fuse`).
- Successfully passing hardware devices through multiple levels of containerization (LXC then Docker) can be difficult. Many people make devices like `/dev/dri/renderD128` world-readable in the host or run Frigate in a privileged LXC container.
- The virtualization layer often introduces a sizable amount of overhead for communication with Coral devices, but [not in all circumstances](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/discussions/1837).

> See the [Proxmox LXC discussion](https://github.com/blakeblackshear/frigate/discussions/1111) for more general information.

Reviewer: Looks like this is still pointing to the old outdated guide

Author: There are several guides and #1111 is the latest I can find in the docs. I'm now referencing #5773 here. If you have another mind, please let me know.
